interview with second part to hell/bcvg
by alcopaul

where do you live? do you have hemp in your place? how's virus scene there in your area?

I live in a really small country in Austria I think, only 20% of the ppl in that country know anythink about computer viruses.
And I'm sure, that there is no other virii writer.

where did you get the long handle of yours? and why second part to hell?

Maybe 2 years ago I began writing maleware. I used the name "McHit". Unfortanutally i spreat viruses that time. A year ago i
stopped it and got more interesting of the virii technique. So I thougth, I have to change my name. I'm very interesting in
"Black Metal"-music, so I thought, the name must include "Hell". I wrote a "maybe-name"-list. Than I ased my girlfried, and she
said, that "Second Part To Hell" is the best.

when did you first encounter computer viruses?

I think in 1998 Dr Solomon found the virus "Tai-Pan.486.a". Since that time I was interesting in maleware.

what was your first virus?

My first maleware was "Trojan.Snooby". I made it in oktobre 2000. It was a silly bomber, that deletes C:\*.* and C:\Windows\*.*.

what made you decide to enter the virus scene?

Sorry, I don't know the time.

so you're the coder of the infamous bwg.. what inspired you to code the batch worm generator?

Writing a VCK is a big deal: for me, for other VXs and maybe for AVs. When I began to write the BWG, I hoped I can help newbes
to learn from the codes.

when did the first version of bwg appeared? can you tell us the history of the bwg?

The first version was on March 15th, 2002. It was only a silly bat VCK with many bugs. But already 2 weeks and 4 versions later
the BWG was a Massmailer and IRC infector VCK whithout any bug. I ever tried to kill every AV alarm. Meanwhile the BWG-worms are
polymorph (not really good polymorphism but I try to improve it) with 21 kB code. And no worm is detect by KAV/AVP.

in future releases of the bwg, what features will we expect from it?

First I hope that I'm able to kill all virus alarms from AVs, if there would be one. Then I will improve the polymorphism. And I will
add morpheus spreading and other stuff (hope i get the tutorial from VorteX ;-). I also hope that I find some new nice techiques
(like harder deleting from the system or other things). So you see, there are many things on my to-do-list.

what will make you say, "i'm sick and tired of improving the batch worm generator.."?

I think, I will improve the BWG for long long time. Because of that, I don't think about it.

besides improving the batchworm generator, do you code your own viruses and worms? in what language? tell us somethin bout them.

Yes, I write simple viruses too. I wrote a WinREG-virus, a SYS-Trojan, a QuickBasic source infector. Currently I try to write a
undetectable bat-virus (BAT.Snake.*). And I also write VBS-viruses and C++ maleware (unfortanutally I didn't have success with C++ yet).

you're a member of black cat virus group, right? how does the group help you in harnessing your skills?

I downloaded nearly everything about script-viriis/encryption. That helped me very much to understand virus techniques. And they also
helped my BWG to became famous, I think.

will you later upgrade from batch to any higher language?

Yes I try to write C++ maleware and I'm going to learn Visual Basic this year. I have tried to learn ASM, without success. But I'm sure,
I will try it ones more.

do you have an anti-virus software installed in your pc? why did you install that software?

Yes, I've installed KAV, but only for improve my BWG and add my viriis with the right name to my virus-database.

so what are your hobbies? what completes your day?

I like listen to music (Nirvana, Böhse Onkelz, Korn, Maschine Head, Marilyn Manson and so on) and meet friends (smoke, get drunken and do
some shit things).

among all the coders in the virus scene, who do you respect the most? the least?

My favorit VXer is SnakeByte. I think, his NGVCK is the best virii kit in the world. I also respect all 29A members and Dark Avanger for
beeing pionier of polymorphic viruses. And VorteX for his very very good technique-suggestions.

what can we expect from your future works?

I want write a VBS-VCK, but that means much work. And I want to write a metamorph script virus. But I don't know if it's possible. I' writing
a very encryted batch virus (BAT.Snake.*), and I hope, KAV isn't able to detect it one day. I will also improve my BWG.

favourite malware of all time? why?

My favorit maleware are the Tequilla-virus, the first polymorph virus. Dark Avange's MtE: A genial virus mutanting engine in 1992.
SnakeByte's NGVCK: I think, it's the best VCK nowadays. Babylonier-Virus: It was able to update itself. Benny's Winux: Windows AND Linux
infector Mental Driller's MetaPHOR: One of the first metamorphic virus.

where can we see your works?

You can download my programs and viruses at www.spth.de.vu and my articles at www.ebcvg.com.

where can we contact you?

You can contact me via eMail: spth@jet2web.cc
And via MSN Messenger: HellsKey@hotmail.com

anything to add? greets? flames?

Yeah, my greets go to all eBCVG member, to SnakeByte for progging help and to VorteX for his suggestions and bug reports for my programs.

thankie for the interview

No problem...

My programs and more:
http://www.spth.de.vu


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           	
