			-=ELF Analyzation Toolkit=-

	Herein are a few tools that might or might not help anyone trying
to analyze ELF files, for whatever reason. The first, eheader, analyzes the
ELF header of and ELF file, giving us back valuable information such as
the virtual entry address of execution, the addresses of the program and section
header tables (although in my experience the PHT is always at offset 34h), the
index of the String Table, Processor Specific flags, what type of object file 
it is (Relocatable, Executable, Shared, etc) and a bunch of other
information you should already should know (byte ordering and architecture for 
your system, etc)

	The second tool, pheader, analyzes the array of Program Header entries
in the Program Header Table of an ELF file, giving us the type
(PT_LOAD, PT_PHDR, PT_INTERP, PT_DYNAMIC, etc) of the section, it's virtual 
address in the file, the section size, required memory allocation size, flags,
and alignment requirements.

	Thirdly sheader, analyzes the different sections of an ELF file (defined
in the Section Header Table). It extracts section names from the string table,
gives the section type, file offset, memory image address (if applicable), and
a bunch of other stuff.
	
	Most of the information that these tools provide won't be of much use
to you unless you are already familiar with the ELF format, especially some of
the info gleamed from sheader.
For this reason, I have included some valuable tables in the included file
TABLES, that should help clear things up. All of the information
in TABLES came directly from the System V Application Binary Interface white
paper on the Executable and Linkable Format (ELF), which should be available in
postscript format on the net.
	
	Note that this is a beta release that probably has more than a few
bugs (see BUGS for a couple). It has only been tested on Linux 2.0.x-2.2.x
with libc5, and FreeBsd 3.x. Please report bugs/patches to sblip@usa.net

		I hope that you may find some use of these tools. 

		most coding done in 6-99
		readme last updated 5-02-00

				sblip

